[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/dev-test-lab/labs/policysets/policies/README.md

# DevTest Lab Policy Sets Policies `[Microsoft.DevTestLab/labs/policysets/policies]`

This module deploys a DevTest Lab Policy Sets Policy.

> DevTest lab policies are used to modify the lab settings like only allowing certain VM Size SKUs, marketplace image types, number of VMs allowed per user and other settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevTest lab policies are used to modify the lab settings such as only allowing certain VM Size SKUs, marketplace image types, number of VMs allowed per user and other settings.
```
